you know I I wish that I could say to the
viewers leave it to us I'll go I'll talk to
the professors I'll explain to them it's
broken and we'll fix it these guys look
amazing man they are getting paid they're
not going to fix it so unfortunately you know
maybe people think I just say it because it
sounds nice you need to come together you need
to push back listen the people who are supposed
to be protecting you are not protecting you
it's as simple as that man it's as simple as that
I have another question so I mean you mentioned
at the beginning about different cities huh
so there's a housing crisis in
most major cities yeah countries
by extension possibly the cost of living crisis
in all countries yeah so why are we so hard on
our government here is it not not their fault
well I mean I think it's important to recognize
what most people view as a economic
crisis in their country is a global crisis
you know what what really almost everyone
everywhere lives in one of two places a
place where you cannot get a decent wage
or a place where you can't afford a home
you know and that covers basically everywhere
right um you know that's happening in this
country it's happening in the US it's happening
in German it's happening in France Italy Spain
Japan Australia Canada you know I said yeah
I could keep listing these countries right um
and what is interesting is you know you know
we have quite a right when government in in
this country but there's countries that have
left in government so they're not fixing it
and you know I spoke in my video on about the
labor party my big fear you know I don't think
anyone's going to be surprised here I'm not a fan
of Richardson the current conservative government
but really at the moment I have very little faith
that when labor come in they will act seriously
on the wealth distribution um and the consequence
of that will be that the wealth distribution will
continue to get worse they might do some small
things that slow down the rate of of deterioration
but it will continue to get worse and then that
means that living stands will continue to fall
and then people will start feeling like well
[__] the Tories didn't fix it label didn't fix
it and they'll vote some crazy guys in right you
know um and I think what really has happened is
the sort of I think what what really has happened
is we've created a system in economics where all
the best economists are removed on public service
so I think if you consider you know I was you know
one of the top students in my area lse and when I
finished that degree I had the choice do you want
to go into public service stay in Academia I go
up for the government work for the central bank
or join about the banking right and if I if I had
chosen to work in public service I'd have had to
do a PhD I'd have to still be studying for four or
five years paying to study going further into debt
um you know and then I'd have to work low paid
difficult jobs for many years before I made any
money and even then I wouldn't make that much
I went and worked in the city and by 25 I was
a multi-millionaire you know I come from a poor
background you know like if people in my family
need help to get Financial Security I'm the one
that has to help them you know and you know not
just their me myself you know if people like me
are put in a situation where you have to make
phenomenal enormous personal sacrifice to work in
to work in support of the public so then what kind
of person chooses to go into public service you
know you will get the occasional person who's just
absolutely dedicated to helping Society but
really more often than not you're going to
get people who come from Rich backgrounds and can
afford to make that sacrifice or people who are
in it for Prestige so the end result is or and
on top of that once you go into public service
they have like very very poor systems especially
in Academia of correctly identifying and promoting
the people who are good so I think it creates
an inevitable basically you create a kind of a
Posh looking smart looking idiocracy of economics
where these guys are not incentivized to be right
they're not rewarded to be right they write
a load of like fancy wanky papers they don't
care if they're right or wrong you know but
they all get paid 100 Grand a year you know
and they're all from Rich families otherwise
they wouldn't have gone into that industry
meanwhile people like me are getting paid 2
million pounds a year to work in a skyscraper
and say nothing you know you know that is the
amount of money I give up to make this channel
you know that is how much I would be making if
I stayed in the private sector you know so if
that is the economic system you have built where
you specifically aggressively incentivize anybody
who's really good to shut the [__] up and never
speak publicly and then you create a system which
is full of Posh boys which has no system of you
know we've been doing this for years now right
you know and the predictions have all beenright
you know all the predictions of the mainstream
media are wrong by this time in Citibank I
was [__] famous you know what I mean? so
if you create no systems for good people
who know what they're doing to challenge
the rich privileged elites who control the narrative
then what could, you cannot be surprised if you get
a broken economy that rewards this idiotic elite
you know why would anything else happen so I think
really the problem is more than the conservative
government you know the problem is a problem with
economics globally is massively broken it's
dominated by rich idiots, there's no systemfor
smart poor people to challenge them there's a
massive incentive for smart poor pe to stay out
of it entirely and then in the end what you get
is [__] university speaking teaching nonsense
I can't explain to you how bad the education
was Oxford is criminal really how bad it was
[__] analysis on the news terrible woeful
pathetic analysis these guys have no interest
in being right you know sycophants in government
who just want to line their own Pockets you know
and anyone who actually understands it is a
Trader being paid to shut the [__] up you know
this is why we're in the state that really it's
it's much more than the conservative government
it's much more the conservative government and
the reason why on this channel the reason why
I made this channel was because I wanted a space
that spoke to the ordinary people who are getting
screwed over because ultimately it is ordinary
people about being hurt and all of the people who
are being paid to protect you are being paid to do
[__] nothing you know they let this happen and
do they get punished did they get punished did the
academics get punished you know you know you know
David Cameron who presided over a massive decrease
in living standards which is so not presided over
massive decrease in living standards where's their
punishment they've become made 10 million pounds
after that Richard Nick is one of the richest men
in the world no personal punishment you know soo
you know I I wish that I could say to the
viewers leave it to us I'll go I'll talk
to the professors I'll explain to them
it's broken and we'll fix it these guys
they get paid man they are getting paid they're
not going to fix it so unfortunately you knowple
maybe people think I'd just say it because it
sounds nice you need to come together you need
to push back listen the people who are supposed
to be protecting you are not protecting you
it's as simple as that man
it's as simple as that so
it's not going to be easy it's not gonna it will
only come from a popular movement that says you
idiots have [__] it up we don't accept it we
need change it will only come because otherwise
they get they're making money from it they're
making money for me and they don't get hurt
for being wrong they don't get rewarded for
being right so um you know I wish it was as
simple as you know let's get rid of [__]
wishes soon I can let's get [__] kissed
armor and it's not as simple as that you know
there's a big systemic problem here people need
to understand if you do not fix inequality do
not fix the economy so we gotta fix it thanks
housing could be so much more affordable wages
could be so much higher and we could have so
many more options in how we live our lives some
of them put a lot of money into paying economists
and think thanks to tell you that inequality
is important for the economy that is not true
[Music]